 Fairx had to be here in Philadelphia for the foreseeable future a little bit longer. I want to thank the Josh Harris and David Blitzer. I think it's a real testament to them and the faith they put in me is humbling. I think obviously we have big goals that ownership wants to accomplish. I want to accomplish to indeed maxi. It's bias everyone wants to accomplish but working with Josh and David has been awesome and incredible. As they expand out and I think it's a big testament for these guys or people that you really want to work with. My family has really made center city our home and we love it here and so it's a thrill that you know we're going to be here for a long time going forward. And look you know as you know all we're focused on is taking that step to getting a championship. We've got a we've got a guide you all need. People should be you know not taking for granted. He's putting up. I think it's saying a lot in Philadelphia is history to say he's putting up like historic Philadelphia numbers as a big given old Chamberlain and other great things have been here. But the reality is like not many guys have ever done what he's done so far this season and then be a history and you know we know that this year is our time. I have some iron with that. I have some iron with that. You said in the statement this morning that you love Philadelphia and you love this team. What are the specific things that stand out when you look over your last few years maybe with the city that make this a place that you love so much. Yeah obviously there's been some trials and tribulations and you know we're excited where we're at. We're excited how well to well and Tyrese and how we're set up to keep improving the team going forward. But as folks know who live in center city they you know it's you know there's always been support as as as I'm walking around and and grab my coffee and so look I mean I've just luckily had a very very fortunate history to be in stable situations you know in my last stop for many many years. I would hope that I can make a run like that here obviously we're going to have to put up even better results. But that's that's the hope is that this can be a long long stop like that. Yeah we're asking the real part of the story on the report. It was like the line with you and Nick. I guess I can hear you think about. But are you going to do both the line and the boss and strategy and you go through the next one with your together. Yeah I think the best franchises the ones that win they'll they have both stability and alignment from ownership to from office to coaching down to the players again I've been fortunate to have that alignment in the past I think right now. Feel you know obviously you have to talk to Josh and Blitz and all the other key folks but I feel like we have that alignment and it allows you to do things like build out your roster knowing how it's going to look going forward. It's a given example even our minor league team that's won multiple championships over the last couple of years and look not a lot of young players have been able to break into our rotation except Tyreece. Because we're such a good team and because you know Ubrae's and Pat Beverly's and guys like that come in and contribute and makes it hard for these young guys. But when they have had a chance to contribute like a springer you know they've stepped up and having a common philosophy of what kind of players and how we want to play does really help a franchise put winning a winning product on the floor. Yeah I try not to get too prescriptive or proscriptive on that but I would say you know there are a few areas if we do take an injury obviously if they're big injuries you're a little bit challenged in the play some other way but to get us through stretches where key guys are out I do think I do think some depth of the big might be helpful. I do think surprisingly given this off season for a while it looked like our winged up who wasn't going to be there the Clippers trade obviously helped that quite a bit. So I think we're short up pretty well there from a depth perspective it would probably be guard and big and then we're obviously always looking for those real key difference makers who can really move the needle and give us even a better chance against the other top players. How long has this been in the works and how has pointed this who brought the discussion to the table first launch would like to make as much as possible but when did this start to be done? Yeah so I was thrilled that ownership came and said look we want to keep this group together and by this group he means myself he means on brand he means Nickner he means Joelle he means like Tyrese he means all the key people who are driving winning here. I think Josh and David you know again that was private discussions between them said hey let's we've got a really solid thing going here that's giving us a very good chance to win the championship and let's keep that together. So they reached out to me and it's been recently just in the last couple weeks. Again this is a group we'd like to keep together hopefully there's an outstreet along those lines and not too long. So in terms of the Joelle performance I guess you can talk about it numerous times in the past but how do you feel like where do you feel like your relationship is out with him and is this a signal in any way of maybe your confidence in him he committed to the organization of the long thing? So he always has been it was really frustrating this summer obviously we were taking our lumps you know for various reasons in the media but Joelle has been 100% Philly 100% Sixers 100% winning the championship here in every meeting and Joelle think it frustrated because he whatever for him it's not a big I think he just knows what he knows but for me it was frustrating that it came up and there was a lot of things going on. It came up and it was like rivals trying to create this noise and you know it was frustrating but he's never wavered on his commitment to this city and winning here. I don't mean you that you will talk a lot about it on a continuity and you just mentioned you have pretty much for talk about it but does that influence at all your decision making when it does come close to the deadline about the certainty or you know with the access you have that that continuity has been key to the line? Yeah I mean in the fact that I'm longer does that change how I look at things or just like now you have the you know now you have the assets you have just the group that you welcome in the company. Yeah I mean I think we think this year is extremely key obviously we can't force any sort of trade that might help the team but if all else is equal we would like to do something earlier. We think that you know you don't get many chances to have a player like to well playing at even MVP plus level to have a young up and coming player like Tyree's who continues to improve day by day and then just a whole bunch of really solid guys that Nick has playing at a high level you know helping us you know win you know a best point of wrench in the league. You know all these things a lot of good indicators that we have put ourselves in the spot where we can really win it this year and so yeah there's something this year it'll do it this year because you know we don't we don't think this year can be taken for granted. Do you think what you've seen from the energy box yourself in terms of who you want to get for a title player as Tyree's development was shown so far this year changed maybe the archetypes of player that you're looking at. It has yeah because I mean him playing at pretty clearly like you know the second best player to an MVP level guy does does. Does change how you look at things and does make you say it's much easier to find guys you can help in that context because finding like the second best player on the title team generally you can't do like you have to draft them like we did or you know it's such a pile of assets like maybe we I've done in my past where we just traded everything. So it does open up a whole bunch of avenues to upgrade the team that wouldn't have been there of Tyree's wasn't making the sleep that we hope he can make. The team's underneath seems to be more happy this year. The team's going to be ready for the team to find them with the on the airplane of the happy birthday time. How does that after me is the idea to do that for their success this year and how does that influence your desire on the team. Yeah I think that a lot of credit goes to Joel and Tyree's the top players on the team and Nick you know I think they're all playing with a joy and I do think that matters. I mean how much it matters is really hard to know but it does matter and I do think that I do think they are playing with a really good joy and I've never I've never seen Joel this locked in I mean he is he is locked in I think it's because he's excited about everything. I've been about every possession of every game which is not easy to do in an 82 game schedule so. I mean tremendous like Nick Batum I mean we hope Tyree could come and contribute until you have a player to talk to know but he's you know he's like just been the perfect piece you know able to get the ball of quick and shooting defensively a glue guy good pass there to Joel. I've been great and then Robert has given us some of the best minutes of his career when he's been in as well I've worked with Robert before so you know he clearly was like down in the past in his recent past and you know he feels like sort of unleashed so it's been really exciting. Yeah we're not letting to get those details you know just find their rule even but I think look if the team wins at the level we're hoping to win at everything really takes care of itself and you know we we know a good thing in the guidance and. It's kind of remarkable the way that you mentioned yourself and ignorance and Elton brand and duality and the Tigris is the next name and it came so easily sort of when you look back at this ascent that he's had based on your experience in the league can you contextualize just how rapid this growth and ascent has been and how rare it is to find something like this person. It's super rare so it's not rare as someone improving the first two years at a young age that's generally like how the stars you know happen they're generally picked higher though he obviously should have been picked higher what's pretty rare is like having big leaves in your three and four that is pretty rare obviously his age profile is that but it's really been his work ethic and I do think like his time obviously we're going to be able to get that. We had some turnover with other key players on the team not only is he putting a lot of work on his own in the gym in the off season but he also picked up a lot from his teammates and I think really corporate that into his game has been has been great.