 We're all mortal. When and how do you think Yolom will retire from the insanely productive schedule he's on now? I would think that he would hate to retire. I think that he can't live without the pressure, the drama, the all-in feeling. It's never been anything that seemed to have crossed his mind. He's never said, maybe I love Larry Ellison's house on the beach in Hawaii. Maybe I should spend time in doing. In said he says things like, I learned early on that vacations will kill you. He gets malaria when he goes on one vacation at one point and they oust him from PayPal. Then he goes to Africa and one point. He gets malaria. He says, I've learned. Vacations kill you. Lesson learned. Because the projects are 100 plus year projects. Many of these. One of the weird things is watching him think incredibly long term. One of the meetings every week early on when I was watching him was Mars colonizer. We did through a two hour meeting about what would the governance structure be on Mars? What would people wear? How would the robots work? Would there be democracy or should there be a different form of governance? I'm sitting there saying, what are they doing? What are they talking about? They're trying to build rocket ships and everything else. They are worrying about the governance structure of Mars. Likewise, whenever he's in a tense moment, like there's a rocket, it's about to be launched. So start asking people something the way future. Like the new lead engine or something. If we're going to build that, do we have enough materials ready to order? Or, I don't know, he'll just ask questions like when he's building robot taxi, the global car, the $25,000 inexpensive global car. That's not a total passion. He was talked into doing that. His passion is robot taxis. But his passion is how are we going to make this factory to do a million cars a year? So even the robot taxi is a longer range vision. I mean, he's been touting it since 2016. But you know, we're not. There are no robot taxis. I mean, there's Waymo maybe doing a little experiments. But there's not cars being manufactured without steering wheels that are going to take over the highways. Yeah, so he's always looking way into the future. It's my point. I just hope that there's a lot of Da Vinci's and Steve Jobs's and Einstein's and Elon Musk's that carry the flame forward. That's one of the reason you write books about these people is so that if you're a young woman in a school where you're not being told to do science and you read the code breaker about Jennifer Dowd, you say, okay, I can be that. And when you say, oh, maybe I'll be a regulator or you say, oh, no, maybe I'll be the person who pushes the boundaries who pushes the lines who pushes as Steve Jobs said the human race.