 I've got a couple more questions for you. You're headed back to Texas after this to launch the cyber truck. Yeah. It's going to be a big launch. But I wanted to ask you right now more broadly just about the car business and what you see actually happening. And specifically, the government put in place lots of policies, as you know, to try to encourage more EVs. And one of the things that's happened uniquely is you have now a lot of car companies saying, actually, this is too ambitious for us. These plans are too ambitious. 4,000 dealers, I don't know if you saw it just yesterday, sent the letter to the White House saying, this is gone too far. You're going too far. You had this. And to you. EV? It was a, this is going too fast, too far, and that there's not enough demand. Or underneath all of this is this idea that maybe there's not enough demand for EVs. The American public has not bought into the, they bought into it with your company, but they haven't bought into it broadly enough. Well, I think if you make a compelling electric car, if you will, buy it, no question about it. I mean, electric car sales in China are gigantic. That's by far the biggest category. And I think that would be the, you know, I mean, it's worth noting, okay, so the probably the best reputation of that is that the Tesla Model Y will be the best selling car of any kind on earth this year. Of any kind, gasoline or otherwise. Is there another car company that you think's doing a good job with EVs? I mean, I think the Chinese car companies are extremely competitive. By far, our toughest competition is in China. So I mean, there's a lot of people who out there who think that the top-tiered car companies are going to be Tesla followed by nine Chinese car companies. I think they might not be wrong. So China is super good at manufacturing and the work ethic is incredible. So, you know, like if we consider different leagues of competitiveness at Tesla, we consider the Chinese league to be the most competitive. And by the way, we do very well in China because our China team is the best Chinese. How worried are you that the unionization effort just took place at, well, not, I shouldn't say effort, but the new wages and the like at GM and Ford are that they're coming for you. And they are coming for you. What is that going to mean to you in your business? Well, I mean, I think it's generally not good to have an adversarial relationship between people online, you know, one group at the company and another group. In fact, I mean, I disagree with the idea of unions. But the purpose for a reason that is different than people may expect is which is, I just don't like anything which creates kind of a lords and peasants sort of thing. And I think the unions naturally try to create negativity in a company and create a sort of lords and peasants situation. There are many people at Tesla who have come up gone from working on the line to being in senior management. There is no lords and peasants. Everyone eats at the same table, everyone pocks in the same pocket lot. At GM there's a special elevator for only senior executives. We have no such thing at Tesla. And the things that I actually know the people on the line because I worked on the line and I walked the line and I stepped in the factory and I worked beside them. So I'm no stranger to them. And there are actually many times where I've said, well can't we just hold a union boat but apparently a company is not allowed to hold a union boat. So it has to be somehow called for but the unions can't do it. So I said well it's just how we hold a boat and see what happens. The actual problem is the opposite. It's not that people are trapped at Tesla building cars. The challenges is how do we retain great people to do the hard work of building cars when they have like six other opportunities that they can do that are easier. That's the actual difficulty is that building cars is hard work and there are much easier jobs. And I just want to say that I'm incredibly appreciative of those who have cars and they know it. So there's, I don't know, maybe they will be unionized. I say like if Tesla gets unionized it will be because we deserve it and we fail in some way. But we certainly try hard to ensure the prosperity of everyone, we give everyone stock options. We've made many people who are just working the line. Who didn't even know what stocks were. We've made the millionaires.