If you were to study your own brain in retrospect, how do you think? What's your thinking process like? We'll talk about the writing process of putting it down on paper, which is quite rigorous and famous at Amazon. But how do you, when you sit down, maybe alone, maybe with others, and think through this high-dimensional space and look for creative solutions, creative paths forward? Is there something you could say about that process?

It's such a good question. And I honestly don't know how it works. If I did, I would try to explain it. I know it involves lots of wandering. So when I sit down to work on a problem, I know I don't know where I'm going. To go in a straight line, to be efficient, efficiency and invention are sort of at odds because real invention, not incremental improvement. And communal improvement is so important. In every endeavor and everything you do, you have to work hard on also just making things a little bit better. But I'm talking about real invention, real lateral thinking, that requires wandering. And you have to give yourself permission to wander. I think a lot of people feel like wandering is inefficient.

When I sit down at a meeting, I don't know how long the meeting is going to take if we're trying to solve a problem. Because if I did, then I'd already know there's some kind of straight line that we're drawing to the solution. Reality is, we may have to wander for a long time. And I do like group invention. I think there's really nothing more fun than sitting at a whiteboard with a group of smart people and spitballing, coming up with new ideas, objections to those ideas, and then solutions to the objections, and going back and forth.

So, you know, sometimes you wake up with an idea in the middle of the night, and sometimes you sit down with a group of people and go back and forth. And both things are really pleasurable. And when you wander, I think one key thing is to notice a good idea and to maybe notice the kernel of a good idea. Maybe pull at that string because I don't think a good idea comes fully formed. 

In fact, when I come up with what I think is a good idea and it survives the first level of scrutiny that I do in my own head, and I'm ready to tell somebody else about the idea, I will often say, "Look, it is going to be really easy for you to find objections to this idea. But work with me. There's something there." And that is intuition because it's really easy to kill new ideas in the beginning because they do have so many easy objections to them. So you need to kind of forewarn people and say, "Look, I know it's going to take a lot of work to get this to a fully formed idea. Let's get started on that. It'll be fun."

So you got that ability to say cosine and use them where after all. Maybe not on math. In a different domain. There are a thousand ways to be smart, by the way. And that is really like when I go around, you know, and I meet people, I'm always looking for the way that they're smart. And you find it is, that's one of the things that makes the world so interesting and fun, is that it is not like IQ is a single dimension. There are people who are smart in such unique ways.

Yeah, you just gave me a good response when somebody calls me an idiot on the internet. You know, as a thousand ways to be smart. Well, they might tell you, "Yeah, but there are a million ways to be foolish."

Yeah, right. I feel like that's a Mark Twain quote.