Well, Davis has racked up a legion of online followers and plenty of breathless news coverage by sharing her incendiary views on modern feminism. The New York Post called her the "female Andrew Tate," so she tapped into genuine female pushback to the excesses of wokery, or she's just an attention seeker who found a moment. First, let's take a look at the clip that sent her viral.

"A lot of people think I'm insane because I don't think women should vote. Everybody thinks I'm crazy for this opinion. If anything, this is probably my most extreme opinion. 90% of women have been on birth control. One out of three women has an STD. The average body count is over five, so that your average wife has slept with over five people. 95% of women are not virgins on their wedding days. So, I understand the complaint."

"Okay, well, Paul, you've been called the female Andrew Tate. How do you plead?"

"Well, I take it as a compliment. You know, I'm a fan of Andrew Tate."

"Of everything he says?"

"It depends on what we're talking about, but overall, I think he's got a good message. I think he's good for young men."

"Okay, look, you're talking about women predominantly. This is why you've got this big following. And your view is that modern feminism is deeply flawed. I would argue a lot of your proposals, like taking the vote away from women, are deeply regressive. Why would you want to remove just from yourself the right to vote?"

"Well, what happened was I had the same view, right? Back when I started, I was like, 'Why?' I found out that only 5% of women wanted the right to vote. And I couldn't figure out like, why would women not... Oh, it's true. At the time, because they'd be conditioned by men to think they shouldn't have a vote."

"I mean, that's what they say. But, you know, I started reading their writings, right? And what I found out was that the reason a lot of women advocated for it was because they believed it was the beginning of the breakdown of the family. You know, before you became one in marriage, 85% of people were married. And, you know, I hate to say it, but they were right. What has happened a hundred years later? What else could have done with them having the vote?"

"Well, it also goes back to responsibility. Again, men are 80 to 90% of the military. They run all of the infrastructures that make society run. So I just think if we want an equal say in society, then be equal. Do 50% of the hard jobs, be 50% of the military. In the US, they're fined $250,000 if they are not... they don't join selective service, which is essentially the draft."

"Okay, but specifically on the vote, what would having the right to vote have to do with family cohesion, for example?"

"Well, because again, before you weren't trying to divide a family, it was one family unit. You had one vote for the family. I mean, I don't think it's good for a family to have two votes."

"Ava, your mouth seems to have dropped about three feet."

"No, it's just a bit galaxy brain. I feel like, you know, the stats you're putting down are perhaps correct in some universe, which they just kind of don't really add up. I mean, just to take you back to the women's writings that you've allegedly read."

"I mean, allegedly, what are you doing?"

"At the time that you're talking about, you know, women weren't really allowed to write. They weren't allowed to go to school."

"Yes, they were. That's incorrect. The first female property owner was in the 1600s. The idea that women couldn't work and so the first female, the first female millionaire was in the late 1800s."

"And was that inherited?"

"So it... no, it wasn't. It was self-made. It was... yes, it was. Yes, it was. She had just... yes, she did not inherit it."

"What law permitted that?"

"Well, there was no law. I mean, there's always been women... okay, and there were influential... let's get on to the vote."

"So what I don't understand is, you know, a part of your message of just, you know, research you today and hang on a minute... okay, you know, your big push is that you care about men and you don't think that men are getting enough of a say. What's going on?"

"I have a very good point, yeah, because of feminism, okay? What I wonder is when you start making calls out like 'repeal the 19th, women shouldn't be allowed to vote,' how is that helping young men? Because these young men have women in their lives. They have mothers, they have sisters, they have teachers, and they turn around, they don't know how to act around women because you're giving them license to be misogynistic."

"I wouldn't call it misogynistic. I say be equal. So again, men do all of the... feminists... well, then, okay, I'd love for the feminists, please apply for the oil rigs, please go do the hard jobs in society. They're open, they're hiring, because I don't equate for... I don't think men and women are equal until we do the equal work. So no, no, listen, listen, go, go apply to be on the oil rigs, go be a plumber, go be an electrician, go be on the front lines of the military. And then we should have equal rights. But until feminists are willing to do that, I don't believe we should have the freedom without the responsibility."

"Okay, well, I don't think that I'm physically built that you might be, but I'm absolutely wrong."

"Yeah, but you said you were a volleyball player. So you've got more strength than I do."

"I don't think I'm more strength than average man. I don't have more strength than average man. But my again, it goes back to go be a plumber. You want to be equal, go be equal."

"You also, but you don't want... you want divorce to be made illegal."

"Yes."

"Why?"

"Yes, because I don't think what we have today is really marriage. What is marriage? It's for better or for worse, for richer or for poorer, in sickness and in health, till death do us part. That's what marriage is supposed to be. But feminists have ruined marriage for the people that actually believe in marriage. When there is a 50% divorce rate and average marriage... why is that what down to the women?"

"I didn't say that it was all down to the women. Why? You asked why I want divorce to be banned. Can I finish it first? So I'm saying, you know, the people that believe in divorce go be in long-term relationships. Leave marriage for the people that actually believe in for better or for worse, for richer or for poorer, in sickness and in health, till death do us part."

"It doesn't the sanctity of marriage also rely on the women being a virgin so you wouldn't be able to get married."

"I, what do you, what do you mean?"

"Well, you spoke in quite openly about how you're not a virgin. And so if you want to preserve that sanctity of marriage..."

"I mean, you know, and I just think about holding standards that you don't actually, you know, and that's a fair, that's a fair complaint. I wish I was, but you know, we can't go back. I don't know what you want. But I just say, I think maybe that you get to be here and you get to be paid for your views and you're telling other women that they shouldn't be allowed to."

"I think I would have... hang on, hang on, hang on. Okay, I mean, if I may, that's something I've jumping. Isn't the whole point of being a feminist so that women are entitled to have their own views?"

"Absolutely. And I'm saying she's perfectly entitled to her views."

"Yeah, but you can't... you might not like that. But I'm here to talk to you. Isn't she exercising her right as a... are you a feminist?"

"No, I am not."

"Really?"

"No, you know, I wouldn't joke without you. You don't want to be a feminist?"

"No, because I think if feminists really believed in equality, but you guys don't, I would love for you... there is an oil rig hiring. There is an engine... I would actually love to see a business in a real way. Seriously, seriously. There is a building being built next to my building. Go do it, feminists. Go do it."

"And me, I'm saying the same. When you get, when you find the man you want to get married to, are you saying you will literally, you will be with that man, whatever happens for the rest of your life?"

"Yes, for, for the vows that we're supposed to live. I do know you can keep them."

"I, I mean, look at it. I think it's a choice. And that's the thing. Like women are so willing to leave marriages because they're not happy. This is not about happiness. The most important thing is the children. And the problem is we have a modern society where it's me, me, me, my feelings, leave when I feel like it instead of doing what's best for the kids."

"I'm going to say it's a little bit like this in the end, you take where some of it I really don't agree with. I don't agree with the vote stuff. When I have things like that, I think there'll be a lot of people, especially older generation women, perhaps, who think, you know what? She's got a point."

"Well, I mean, I believe in agency. So I think that if a woman is going to look after her children, the workforce is absolutely fine. I also believe in your right to speak your mind about it. What I don't understand is that I'd like to say don't you know, before the 1920s, women could speak openly. I, this idea that like women couldn't talk the last 500 years. There have been women throughout history that have been, have been, have been, have been, there have been women throughout history that have written and been very influential in society."

"Okay. So this idea like women can never do it. What I don't understand though is when it gets spiteful, okay? Because you put down a few arguments that I think are perfectly like, you know, they're kind of evangelical in their Christian, but those are your right to say it. What I don't understand is when it kind of seeps into the sort of you call women fat, you say that they shouldn't have a lot of issues. Are there fat? You say that they have a lot of issues. You know, I mean, the question is, are they fat? Yes or no? The average American woman is 170 pounds. That's pounds. That's objectively overweight. I mean, let's be honest, we now celebrate morbid obesity as some kind of body positivity and it is complete nonsense. So actually on that point again, there's a bit of truth in this. And this is the problem. This is the problem. How have we come to celebrate morbid obesity as body positivity?"

"Well, I wasn't. We're not talking about morbid obesity. So I was actually watching your podcast earlier and you spoke to someone who was, I would say probably a size 12 and you called her fat, obese, and a divorcee."

"She was fat, obese, and a divorcee. She was. I mean, like, I don't know what to say. This is the thing, women, we don't want to live in reality. We don't want to say things that are true. Was she fat? Yes. Was she a divorcee? Yes. These things are just objective facts."

"Okay, I'm going to have to objectively end the debate. But it was an interesting conversation. I think we should get YouTube out together. As a mass resurgence. Thank you very much."

"Well, thank you, Ava."